# Neural-Networks
n  this assignment,you  will  learn  how  to traina neural  networkfor  binary  classification problem ona moderately sizeddataset.Preparation:First  you  will  need  to downloadthe “spambase_mod.csv” fileincluded  with  this homework assignment. The dataset is provided in CSV format. This is a 4601 x 58dataset where there are 4601samples (observations) of 57features (x1, x2, ..., x57) and 1 binary class label (y)at the last column.The last column denotes whether the e-mail was consideredspam (1) or not (0), i.e.  unsolicited  commercial  e-mail. Most  of  the  attributes indicate  whether  a  particular  word  or character  was  frequently occurringin  the  e-mail.  The  run-length attributes  (55-57)  measure  the length of sequences of consecutive capitalletters. Objective:We want to predict label “y” using features 1 through 57. In order to do that, we will first split dataset into test and train sets. A neural network model will be built by using training data and training labels. After the training, features inthetest data will be used to predict the labels of test data.Cross-validation:We  will  not  use  the  same  kind  of  cross-validation  we  did  in  the 1sthomework. Instead  of  folding  the  dataset,  we  will  simplyspare the first  4000  instances  as the training  dataset  and the  last 601  instancesas the testing  dataset.  Since  the  dataset  is  already shuffled, you don’t need to re-shuffle  it  again.  However,  normalization  is  requiredamong  the features(i.e., you  need  to  make  sure each  column  on  your  datasetis zero  mean –unity variancewithin  itself).The  weights  of  the  network  should  be  initialized  as small non-zero random  numbers. There  are  four  hyper  parametersof  the  modelsuch  as 1) L2 regularization strength  of parameters, 2) learning  rate, 3)number  of  hidden  layers  and 4) number  of corresponding hidden neurons. We will fix the regularizationstrength at 0.1 and learning rate also at0.1. The experiments will be repeated only among varying number of hidden layersand neurons with the following parameters:No of Neurons5 –25No of Layers1 –2That means 4experimentsin total,[5] [5 5] [25][25 25],will be performed and accuracywill be reportedon  the  test  set. The  accuracy  is defined  as the number  of  correctly  classified test instancesdivided by thetotal number oftest instances.For example, if you classify 300 samples correctly,  your  accuracy  is  300/601  on  this  test  set. In  order  to  obtain  statistically meaningful results,  eachoneof  the 4experimentsshould  be  repeated  10  times(remember that you  are randomly initializing the network)and the average score should be reported for each repetition.Goal:You will display a singlefigurethat shows the average classification accuracies for each of the 4models.See Fig. 1 for an example of this. (Note:This is an example,your results may vary!)
